killer eighties intros this is part
three of CBT lesson four mr. Dominic
drop D for your tuning on this basically
your low e drops down a whole step and
these five strings are the same as they
would normally be in standard tuning
tough song dude I almost texted you back
but you were specific about wanting this
one this intro so I was gonna text you
back and say are you sure
but uh yeah dude this one's gonna give
you a run for it dude there's no doubt
about it a lot of stretches and you know
make this one of those goal songs man so
here's what we're looking at
and that's it so here's what's up 5 a7
d7 g7 B you got to get used to barn with
this third finger man there's no way
around it and what you're gonna do is
you're gonna hit strings 5 through to
pawn mute the open e let me up this is
on page 7 & 8
bottom of page 7 and all of page a2
openes Palmilla so rest after you strum
it make sure you're not barring the 7
off by you'll know doodle sound like
this you just sound like the jazz
version of lay it down you don't want
that anyway and then take your pinkie go
to the 8th fret on the B string keep in
mind we're still barring here with the
third finger we're gonna hit the B and G
and pull your pinky off to where it
rings the seventh fret off the B
to openes palm-muted after that and you
know when you do the seven eight GB if
you hit the D on the seven with it don't
sweat it and a lot of these tones are
working together they're part of the
chords now this part is kind of tough
I'm pinky nine on the g string here
you're gonna hit that and the seven off
the D string you're already there it's a
join a bark or a power cord it's your
third and fourth finger that's tough man
Warren's got some long phalanges so
you're pulling it off then you can do
two more ease palm-muted then 79g and
here we go
5a 8d 10g talk about a stretch man strum
those
and then hit the a string off that fifth
fret palm-muted twice you're already
there and then 810 on the dmg
and then the last page third finger jump
over here to five a slide it to seven
and far the fifth fret on the G and B
right after that palm you at the open e
and then bar the fifth fret D and G so
yeah and then palm mute that open eat
again and then you're back to what the
beginning was
up to the big stretch cord then it
changes
then you're gonna go like this to openes
palm-muted and then open EA hammer on to
the second fret so you're hammering on a
chord it's a good subgroup if that's
kind of awkward you want to get used to
it
okay there now once you're there palm
mute the second fret off that e-string
twice and then hit the second fret ene
slide it to three
slower
I drove into in there so from the third
fret now you'll hit that twice on the
e-string palm-muted 3 3 EI nope on mute
slide 5 5 so that whole little chunk
little section is
then drew back to the beginning
up to that we have the stretch cord
you'll see in your tabs and then there's
a little change if you got Robin crosby
tutors doing some a little bit different
Courtney's behind it
and here's what's happening grab that 5a
slide it to seven go ten nine eight on
the D G and B it stuff listen close
that's what Warren's doing then three
five five five a D G B and you're
actually gonna slide that to three by
five five two five seven seven seven now
you're back to the beginning part again
which is
just up to there the 79g
pull up to seven
then if you listen close she'll here's
this Union instead of the LOI you palm
use the seven off the D string twice
Union then go back to seven nine D G and
then go 5 5 D G and then I think it was
an overdub you can hear us that's kind
of ringing in the background like
well that last chunk would be
and there you go dude three-part video
and happy birthday man
this month is Dominic's birthday so
anyone that happens to be strolling
along and sees this say happy birthday
to Dominic he's actually one of my good
friends he's a cool dude lives out in
Arizona I'm gonna give you his last name
his physical address to his home his
work and all that stuff just so you can
mess down
alright Dominic thanks a lot dude